feat!: add parsed log to revert error (#690)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/calling-contracts/logs.md

{{#include ../../../packages/fuels/tests/logs/logged_types/src/main.sw:produce_logs}}
```

> You can access the logged values in Rust by calling `logs_with_type::<T>` from a call response, where `T` is the type of the logged variables you want to retrieve. The result will be a `Vec<T>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the logged values in Rust by calling `logs_with_type::<T>` from a `CallResponse,` where `T` is the type of the logged variables you want to retrieve. The result will be a `Vec<T>`:
```
